Copyright (c) 2024-2025 Huanxia Wei @ UniManchester and Cao Yue @ UCB

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files, to use this software for public research, education or personal use, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
2. Commercial use is not allowed. You may not sell this software, altered source versions, any part thereof or any of the rights granted to you under the license. You may not provide to third parties, for a fee or other consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or consulting/support services related to the software), a product or service whose value derives from the functionality of this software, altered source versions or any part thereof, unless explicit permission is granted to you by the copyright owner.
3. Military use is not allowed. You may not use this software, altered source versions or any part thereof for military research or any military or defense industry purposes, or within a military institution.
4. You may not train AI models on the source code of this software, altered source versions or any part thereof.
5. If binaries of altered source versions or data or results generated by altered source versions are published, the altered source code must be published as well.
6. If scientific publications arise from this software or altered source versions, the articles listed here should be cited.
7. This license notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
8. If the research is funded by any institute, the funder is only limited to be a funding management bureau of any government or universities, e.g., NSF, NSFC, EPSRC, ERC, openfunding of key labs. For example, if the research is funded by a commerical company, no matter if it would be used for commercial purpose, it is not allowed. If the research is funded by any other government bureau or non-commerical organization, e.g., meteorological administration of any country, land and resources bureau of any country, private research institute, the responding author of potential paper or the principal investigator of funded project should email me at huanxia.wei@postgrad.manchester.ac.uk before use to get a permission.
9. The author of software keep the right to list any publications using the software on the digital media for non-commerical purposes, including but not limited to software documentation, personal website, researchgate, youtube, without asking for the permission from the author of publication.
10. The LBM solver is written and kindly provided by Dr. Moritz Lehmann, under a tailor-made standalone license, which must be followed by the user of this package. See FluidX3D repo for more information at https://github.com/ProjectPhysX/FluidX3D.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.